Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining me again tonight.
We're going to go over some things that have happened in the last 48 hours.
I had a visitation that was probably one of the top experiences I've ever had.
This experience forever changed me, and I don't even really know how to go about it with words.
I made a video at four in the morning because I wanted to make sure I documented everything I was shown immediately, so I didn't forget anything or add to or take away from anything.
I want to show you the video of everything that the Lord showed me and what I believe is one of the most amazing experiences I've ever had.
And that says a lot, but I want to tell you all: Jesus is coming.
You need to know this, and the church is not ready.
The church is not ready for where we're going and what we're about to experience in these last days.
We must come up higher in our prayer life.
We must come up higher in our prayer time with Him, seeking Him daily—not just on Sundays or Wednesday nights, but having an intimate relationship with the Lord Jesus Christ.
And we must get radical about it.
I'm trying to figure out how to even start this, Braden.
It's something that is so holy, but I did the best I could to deliver it at four in the morning and make it all on video for you.
So I guess we'll go to that.
Do you have anything you wanted to show first?
Because I don't know if I want to go any other direction other than to just go.
Okay, Let's talk about this.
I think it's important that you all know that there was an attack, allegedly, in Nigeria.
This goes with what the Lord showed us about Passover coming on Wednesday, praying over Passover, Good Friday, and Resurrection Sunday.
And so we will continue tonight to pray over that.
Let me pray over our livestream and over the video feed and everything.
Father, I thank You, Lord, right now, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We take authority over hexes and vexes.
I thank You, Lord, that all of it falls to our feet in the name of Jesus.
It will not bear fruit on any of us.
I thank You, Lord, that we bless those who curse us and we bless those who persecute us.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that there's a covering of a hedge around and about me and my mind, and there's clarity as I talk, clarity as I think, and clarity as I do what You called me to do.
And we thank you, Lord, that there are angels around and about this house, and we yield to the anointing of the prophetic and the watcher in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Father, that the best is yet to come in Jesus' name.
What is this?
What do you want to talk about now?
When I told you to pray over Canada, I saw great persecution being passed in the Canadian Senate—whatever they have, I don't know.
I'm not familiar with Canadian politics, but the Lord specifically said great persecution and the right to freedom of speech is about to be taken away from the Canadian ministers.
This will be an olive press that will grow in intensity, and eventually, they'll take away your 501(c)(3) status, like your tax-exempt status.
They're going to take away your tax exemption and the ability to say certain things behind your pulpits.
Braden's working on a short for this.
It was passed today.
The Canadian House of Commons has voted in favor of a bill that makes it possible to convict people for reciting certain Bible verses as hate speech.
It was passed.
This is what the Lord showed me, and He said it's coming, and it happened.
I saw that the revival would come forth out of great pressure, like an olive press.
The Lord said they will take away your freedom of speech, and I gave the word.
Braden's working on that right now so that you can see it.
I'm not here making stuff up; it's there, and you can see what the Lord said.
I'll find it; you can probably find it.
I bet you made a short already, didn't you?
So it was passed then.
President Trump announced through Truth Social that Cuba's next, which I thought was interesting.
He said, 'I don't care if Russia sends them a little bit of oil.
' What did I say?
The Lord showed us that Cuba and Russia would have 1960s alliances coming back.
I saw Russia in the middle giving Cuba military assistance to come against our troops.
The Lord said, 'Watch Cuba, watch Cuba.
' I can't tell you how many times the Lord has said to watch Cuba, that the Castro family will be like a dog in a corner.
I saw him doing satanic practices against our president with a photo.
He had it on that altar, and he was doing blood sacrifices with chickens, draining the blood of the chickens in these bowls, and they were doing satanic practices with this witch doctor.
He was dancing in a corner with horns on his head, and it was like deer horns wrapped around it.
He was doing this, and they were trying to come against our President in his mind.
And the Lord said, "Pray for President Trump's mind.
" You remember, I've told you all this.
Well, President Trump is saying that Cuba's next.
What did I tell you all?
The Lord said, "Cuba's next, Cuba's next.
" So President Trump is saying exactly what the Lord said now.
And so I think that's interesting because the Lord said, "I'm going to liberate the people, and I'm going to eliminate the Castro family bloodline from being a leader and a dictator over this nation.
And I will bring great prosperity and blessing over this nation.
" And I saw—it looked amazing for where they have been—and I saw Rubio rising up and helping this.
And then it was Claudia next; after that, Claudia would be removed.
After that, I saw Claudia and her days would be numbered.
And then I saw a new man, like an Antonio Banderas kind of man who looked like a model, come up, and he was conservative.
And the Lord said, "The church has to contend for this over Mexico.
" And I saw a new leader rising up that looked like a GQ model.
He looked very proper; he was very poised in what he said, and the people were happy with him.
And so I saw this.
Now, how long is it until this all comes about?
I don't know; I see in part here.
But as President Trump said, "Do you have the show on this?
" "Yeah.
" "Does he say it actually?
" "Okay, let's play it.
" "You can tell me, Daddy, I have it up.
I'm waiting on you.
" "Wait until you get what you wanted to show done tonight so we can go on.
It is a mess.
" "So they can hear it louder than you.
Okay?
It's good if they can hear it.
" "I'm good.
I don't need to hear it, son.
" "Yeah, they're recording.
Okay.
Go ahead to Cuba.
" "Yeah.
Cuba is going to be next.
Cuba is going to be...
it is a mess.
It's a failing country.
They're going to be next within a short period of time.
It's going to fail.
And we will be there to help it out.
We'll be there to help our great Cuban Americans out who were thrown out of Cuba.
In many cases, their family members were mutilated and killed by Castro.
No, Cuba is going to be next.
What are you considering?
Yeah.
And then, you start watching right now.
She's going to let.
" He was dancing in a corner with horns on his head, and it was like deer horns wrapped around it.
He was doing this, and they were trying to come against our President in his mind.
And the Lord said, "Pray for President Trump's mind.
" You remember, I've told you all this.
Well, President Trump is saying that Cuba's next.
What did I tell you all?
The Lord said, "Cuba's next, Cuba's next.
" So President Trump is saying exactly what the Lord said now.
And so I think that's interesting because the Lord said, "I'm going to liberate the people, and I'm going to eliminate the Castro family bloodline from being a leader and a dictator over this nation.
And I will bring great prosperity and blessing over this nation.
" And I saw—it looked amazing for where they have been—and I saw Rubio rising up and helping this.
And then it was Claudia next; after that, Claudia would be removed.
After that, I saw Claudia and her days would be numbered.
And then I saw a new man, like an Antonio Banderas kind of man who looked like a model, come up, and he was conservative.
And the Lord said, "The church has to contend for this over Mexico.
" And I saw a new leader rising up that looked like a GQ model.
He looked very proper; he was very poised in what he said, and the people were happy with him.
And so I saw this.
Now, how long is it until this all comes about?
I don't know; I see in part here.
But as President Trump said, "Do you have the show on this?
" "Yeah.
" "Does he say it actually?
" "Okay, let's play it.
" "You can tell me, Daddy, I have it up.
I'm waiting on you.
" "Wait until you get what you wanted to show done tonight so we can go on.
It is a mess.
" "So they can hear it louder than you.
Okay?
It's good if they can hear it.
" "I'm good.
I don't need to hear it, son.
" "Yeah, they're recording.
Okay.
Go ahead to Cuba.
" "Yeah.
Cuba is going to be next.
Cuba is going to be...
it is a mess.
It's a failing country.
They're going to be next within a short period of time.
It's going to fail.
And we will be there to help it out.
We'll be there to help our great Cuban Americans out who were thrown out of Cuba.
In many cases, their family members were mutilated and killed by Castro.
No, Cuba is going to be next.
What are you considering?
Yeah.
And then, you start watching right now.
She's going to let.
" The Lord said they would be successful, but I pray that we can stop it.
That is the man, just like the Lord said.
I think it's interesting, don't you?
Here he is saying it again.
I want you to see the accuracy of what the Lord is trying to say.
'President Trump is making America great again.
I intend to make Iran great again.
' Now we have sleeper cells—up to a thousand Iranian sleeper cells.
Agents are embedded in the Canadian government.
Remember, I told you the Lord said to keep praying over Canada concerning Passover.
First I saw Toronto, then I saw all the way to British Columbia.
I saw major terrorist attacks in the days ahead concerning Easter and going into Rosh Hashanah, 9/11, and through the summer months.
I told you about the power plants.
I can go over things repeatedly, but it will draw this out.
You must see what the Lord said recently.
Now we see the New York Post confirming a thousand Iranian sleeper cells, sleeper agents in America.
But I said they come from Canada.
I can even tell you where they come across, by Michigan.
Even with this last one, I said they came from Canada.
They are special ops troops.
They didn't come from the southern border; they came from the northern border.
I said they came by Michigan.
I even showed you the bridge where they crossed.
Does anybody remember that?
I told you how they made it across.
There are videos, and I will show you.
I told you exactly where I saw it.
I saw this in the still of the night, and they went through the water in some places.
When we prayed it through, it was very detailed.
I even told you what they were wearing.
Now they say there are a thousand of them.
Breaking: U.
S.
officials and Wall Street analysts are now reportedly preparing for the possibility of $200 a barrel for oil.
It is pretty interesting; the Lord showed us.
In my opinion, this is not financial advice.
The Lord said they would be successful, but I pray that we can stop it.
That is the man, just like the Lord said.
I think it's interesting, don't you?
Here he is saying it again.
I want you to see the accuracy of what the Lord is trying to say.
'President Trump is making America great again.
I intend to make Iran great again.
' Now we have sleeper cells—up to a thousand Iranian sleeper cells.
Agents are embedded in the Canadian government.
Remember, I told you the Lord said to keep praying over Canada concerning Passover.
First I saw Toronto, then I saw all the way to British Columbia.
I saw major terrorist attacks in the days ahead concerning Easter and going into Rosh Hashanah, 9/11, and through the summer months.
I told you about the power plants.
I can go over things repeatedly, but it will draw this out.
You must see what the Lord said recently.
Now we see the New York Post confirming a thousand Iranian sleeper cells, sleeper agents in America.
But I said they come from Canada.
I can even tell you where they come across, by Michigan.
Even with this last one, I said they came from Canada.
They are special ops troops.
They didn't come from the southern border; they came from the northern border.
I said they came by Michigan.
I even showed you the bridge where they crossed.
Does anybody remember that?
I told you how they made it across.
There are videos, and I will show you.
I told you exactly where I saw it.
I saw this in the still of the night, and they went through the water in some places.
When we prayed it through, it was very detailed.
I even told you what they were wearing.
Now they say there are a thousand of them.
Breaking: U.
S.
officials and Wall Street analysts are now reportedly preparing for the possibility of $200 a barrel for oil.
It is pretty interesting; the Lord showed us.
In my opinion, this is not financial advice.
The Lord said they would be successful, but I pray that we can stop it.
That is the man, just like the Lord said.
I think it's interesting, don't you?
Here he is saying it again.
I want you to see the accuracy of what the Lord is trying to say.
'President Trump is making America great again.
I intend to make Iran great again.
' Now we have sleeper cells—up to a thousand Iranian sleeper cells.
Agents are embedded in the Canadian government.
Remember, I told you the Lord said to keep praying over Canada concerning Passover.
First I saw Toronto, then I saw all the way to British Columbia.
I saw major terrorist attacks in the days ahead concerning Easter and going into Rosh Hashanah, 9/11, and through the summer months.
I told you about the power plants.
I can go over things repeatedly, but it will draw this out.
You must see what the Lord said recently.
Now we see the New York Post confirming a thousand Iranian sleeper cells, sleeper agents in America.
But I said they come from Canada.
I can even tell you where they come across, by Michigan.
Even with this last one, I said they came from Canada.
They are special ops troops.
They didn't come from the southern border; they came from the northern border.
I said they came by Michigan.
I even showed you the bridge where they crossed.
Does anybody remember that?
I told you how they made it across.
There are videos, and I will show you.
I told you exactly where I saw it.
I saw this in the still of the night, and they went through the water in some places.
When we prayed it through, it was very detailed.
I even told you what they were wearing.
Now they say there are a thousand of them.
Breaking: U.
S.
officials and Wall Street analysts are now reportedly preparing for the possibility of $200 a barrel for oil.
It is pretty interesting; the Lord showed us.
In my opinion, this is not financial advice.
And he said, 'I used the female Brandon for a purpose because they have a womb.
' And I saw a spiritual womb where these ladies held these seeds that have been around these generals.
They were an A to B to C; they were the bridge.
And the Lord said, 'I'm allowing them to hold this because they are the holders, like a marsupial.
' And I saw them holding it to impart when the time was right.
As I was going to see Mark Jenkins tonight, I also knew there were things that you need here.
So I went to Pastor Chip's church—because that's where we go—and she was teaching there.
She called up and said, 'I feel that I'm supposed to lay hands on people.
' So the Lord said, 'Get up there.
' She laid hands on me, and I felt it hit me in the stomach.
I saw an acorn that looked like a seed—it looked like some kind of fruit seed.
I didn't know what it was, but it went inside of me when she touched me and I felt it just go poof, like it just dropped heavy.
I thought, 'I wonder what that was.
' I went home and the Lord said to me, 'Those were things from Brother Hagin.
' There were things there that she was holding.
To make a long story short, I went home and started taking communion with my kids, like we always do, just praying.
We started praying and taking communion, and all of a sudden I was caught up in the spirit and saw a door.
This door was a beautiful door that was glowing with a green emerald color; it was a green fire.
And the Lord said, 'Open the door.
' So I'm traveling and interceding, and I said, 'Lord, help me to open this door.
' I get to the door and I open it.
As I open the door, a massive ball of fire was on the other side.
As I opened it, it flowed out over me and the Holy Ghost fire hit me on my couch as we were praying and interceding.
I could see it, and green emeralds started raining down on me and my wife.
The Lord said, 'There is no beginning and there is no end to this.
' The green was flowing all over me, looking like green money, and it was flowing down and down.
And he said, 'I used the female Brandon for a purpose because they have a womb.
' And I saw a spiritual womb where these ladies held these seeds that have been around these generals.
They were an A to B to C; they were the bridge.
And the Lord said, 'I'm allowing them to hold this because they are the holders, like a marsupial.
' And I saw them holding it to impart when the time was right.
As I was going to see Mark Jenkins tonight, I also knew there were things that you need here.
So I went to Pastor Chip's church—because that's where we go—and she was teaching there.
She called up and said, 'I feel that I'm supposed to lay hands on people.
' So the Lord said, 'Get up there.
' She laid hands on me, and I felt it hit me in the stomach.
I saw an acorn that looked like a seed—it looked like some kind of fruit seed.
I didn't know what it was, but it went inside of me when she touched me and I felt it just go poof, like it just dropped heavy.
I thought, 'I wonder what that was.
' I went home and the Lord said to me, 'Those were things from Brother Hagin.
' There were things there that she was holding.
To make a long story short, I went home and started taking communion with my kids, like we always do, just praying.
We started praying and taking communion, and all of a sudden I was caught up in the spirit and saw a door.
This door was a beautiful door that was glowing with a green emerald color; it was a green fire.
And the Lord said, 'Open the door.
' So I'm traveling and interceding, and I said, 'Lord, help me to open this door.
' I get to the door and I open it.
As I open the door, a massive ball of fire was on the other side.
As I opened it, it flowed out over me and the Holy Ghost fire hit me on my couch as we were praying and interceding.
I could see it, and green emeralds started raining down on me and my wife.
The Lord said, 'There is no beginning and there is no end to this.
' The green was flowing all over me, looking like green money, and it was flowing down and down.
She said, 'It's your turn to groan it out.
I've been groaning it out.
Now it's your turn.
' And she touched me—still groaning it out in the earth—and boom, she hit my stomach.
I tell you, I felt like I was going to burn up with fire.
She touched me in heaven.
I'm seeing this in the spirit; I felt like I was translated there.
I know I was still here in my body because I was praying all this out.
My son recorded all of it, but I'm there in the spirit.
She touched my stomach and said, 'Now it's your turn.
Groan it out.
' And she touched me, and I could feel fire, and I just started going, 'Whoo!
' I was just groaning; it was a Holy Ghost fire groaning, but it sounded like a cow, like a moo.
It was a deep groaning.
She was standing there, grinning at me with a big smile on her face.
And all of a sudden, Brother Hagin came, and Brother Hagin was walking.
In front of her house were the gold streets.
There were beautiful, transparent gold streets.
There was a four-way stop in front of her house.
I could see a sign that was a street name with Hebrew writing.
It was beautiful, on a green sign like we have on Earth, but not in English, with Hebrew.
I didn't know what it said, but I could see it was a four-way stop, but not a stop sign, just street names.
It said what street she lived on.
In front of her house were beautiful flowers.
She lived in a Victorian home; it looked like a plantation home, like in Mississippi or Alabama, with beautiful pillars.
On the front was a huge wraparound porch with a brown rail that went all the way around where you would put your arms.
Everything was beautiful white, but it was all like lattice.
You know how you have those carved-out wood structures on old Victorian homes.
But there were grains; you could see the grain of the wood, but there was blue on some of them, and there were beautiful colors on this shiny, lacquer-looking banister that went all the way around the porch.
The gold street went all the way, and her porch went around.
Her house was huge and two stories.
The windows were massive picture windows across the front of her home.
There were two of them and then her front door—double front doors with two wreaths.
They were beautiful greenery wreaths that looked like something you would get for Easter.
Beautiful colors, beautiful greens.
On her front door, which had two huge columns that went up the steps to her house, I could see rocking chairs.
It was the same rocking chair she used with the quilt when she was sitting there praying with Rachel for Tillar and Jeane Wilkerson, Brother Halvorsen, and the other lady—I don't know who it was.
She was using that same rocking chair, but she had it on her front porch with ferns.
They were beautiful ferns and things hanging down.
As I was looking at her house, I tried to focus on it, but I had to focus on what she was saying.
It was beautiful.
The oak tree I saw her sitting by was on the corner of her house.
She has massive, beautiful oak trees in her front yard.
All of a sudden, she was talking to me about intercessory prayer and telling me it has to be groaned out in the spirit.
Brother Kenneth Hagin walked up beside her and said, 'I have a message from the Lord to give you.
' He looked young; he didn't look old.
I hardly recognized him because, although his voice sounded the same, his face didn't look the same to me.
He didn't look skinny like a beanpole; he still had some weight and looked thick, but he didn't look obese.
As he walked up, he said to me, 'There are things I was never allowed to say on the earth that I carried, and as of tonight, you receive part of that seed.
There are things I was never allowed to say, visitations from the Lord I was never allowed to tell.
It's time now to birth this in the earth, to grow this forth in the earth, for it wasn't my time when I received it.
But it's your turn now.
Take the Word of Faith and teach the people the Word of Faith, just like I did.
Teach them prayer.
You have an assignment.
You must finish strong.
' He said there would be things I would groan out in the spirit for the impartation of things he had.
'You will now receive and give this to the earth.
' For it was in my time when I had it; it's your time.
And he said, 'Birth it, birth it, praying it in, birth it out in prayer and travail.
' And so when Brother Hagin was standing there, he said that over the last two years of the church before the Rapture, this is what you're about to see.
And that's when he touched me; he imparted it.
He imparted it like a Lucy, and he said, 'This is what I was not allowed to talk about.
This is the last two years before the Rapture.
' He said, 'This is what you're about to see: the end-time glory, and it must be birthed out.
This is something I didn't talk about.
' And he said, 'I saw a veil.
' It looked like a veil—you know, like when you're seeing something that has a film in front of it—it looked like it was being blocked out where you couldn't see it.
You couldn't make out what it was because it wasn't time.
But he said over this time frame, you'll see this, and it's time now; it's time now.
You are birthing this now.
And I saw it, and it was a veil.
As it was about the end times, he said, 'This will happen over the two years before the coming of the Lord.
' And as he said all that he was supposed to say from the Lord, I felt the Holy Ghost and fire hit me.
He just turned around and walked away.
He didn't say anything else; he didn't say goodbye or anything, he just turned around and walked away.
He walked down the same golden path, but he didn't say anything else to me.
He was done, and he just turned around and walked away.
He had his hands in front of him like this, and he was twiddling his fingers on his chest.
And he said, 'I have a word from the Lord for you.
' But he was twiddling his fingers just like this.
It was kind of strange, but that's what I saw him doing; he was twiddling his fingers and he turned around and walked away.
He didn't say anything else to me.
As I was standing there, Jeannie Wilkerson came up.
She never said anything to me; she was just grinning at me and smiled real big.
Jeannie had big puffy hair, big hair.
She had a bell, beautiful 1900s-like blouse on that had a ruffled collar that buttoned down, with beautiful sleeves that buttoned.
They were puffy sleeves.
And she just sat there and looked at me, but I could see she looked young, even though she had old people's clothes on.
She had old people's clothes on, like old clothes, and she smiled at me.
I was being sucked out and was coming back into my natural state out of the spirit.
I said, "Oh no, wait.
" I could hear the angel choir singing above Lucy's house, and I could hear, "Holy, holy, holy is the Lord, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy.
" They sounded like living water; they sounded like echoes of living water.
It sounded to me like a sound that never ended and never began.
It was a flow.
I don't know how else to describe it.
It sounded like a symphony.
It was the most beautiful noise; I could hear it in the atmosphere.
It was gorgeous, the way they all sounded.
But it wasn't just one voice; it was many voices, all singing through the atmosphere that sounded like a symphony.
It was gorgeous.
I could see it as I was getting pulled out.
Wanting to hear more about prayer from Lucy, I stopped and asked, "Is there anything else?
Is there anything else you want to say?
" She said, "Tell my sister I'm more alive than I've ever been and tell her that I will see her soon.
Tell her I said hi.
" As I was being sucked out, she turned her back to me and started walking towards her porch.
I heard, "Finish strong, finish strong.
You must finish strong.
" I was back in my heart.
There are really no words; all I can tell you is heaven is so real, and it is the most beautiful thing I've ever seen in my life.
Again, the Lord allowed me to see on the other side.
But He said, "You're going to start to see a lot and give messages from heaven to earth.
Heaven and earth are colliding and you're about to give messages from heaven to earth because there are things that need to be said.
" As heaven and earth collide, there are things that need to be said.
There are impartations that need to happen.
I saw my doorway.
He said, "This is your doorway.
This is your portal, and you'll start to use this a lot.
" I don't know what that means, if "a lot" is a lot—it's been over a year since the last one—but I'm so grateful.
At the same time, I know it's a lot of responsibility.
I saw all the different tribes and different stones.
They were on a chart: green sapphire, red, and pinks.
They looked like purple stones.
And He said, "This is the 12 tribes of Israel.
" I saw the 12 tribes, and He showed me there would be a similarity to end-time mantles and end-time calls, different types of ministries walking in the ever-glorious outpouring that would represent different stones.
They represented this, and I am still trying to figure all that out.
I just thought it was something that I just couldn't keep to myself when she said, 'Tell my sister we'll see her soon.
Y'all finish strong.
' 'Tell her,' said my mom.
Mom and daddy said I was blessed by it there in the great cloud of witnesses rooting for every single one of us.
And I believe with all my heart Jesus is coming sooner than later, and we must birth these things out, not just by praying them in tongues, but by birth groanings that cannot be uttered.
What is it that we don't know and have a revelation of to the level that we just kind of read Romans 8:26 and just kind of go, 'Okay'?
That's what it was for me, and the Lord spoke through them.
You must understand it's not just about praying in the spirit all the time and flowing in the rivers; this is going to come out of groanings.
The greater glory will come through groanings.
So I pray this video blessed you as much as it blessed me.
And I pray I am a good sower.
When I listen to me talking about that again, I experience it.
I cherish the moments and the times I have with the Father that have changed my life forever.
I can still hear the sounds; I can still see the beautiful colors.
It was so intense.
Lucy was a prayer warrior.
She was with Lynn Hammond in Minnesota; they had Living Word.
She was the pastor there.
Now her son is running the church.
She's a prayer warrior there; they pray on a level that most people are not familiar with.
Lucy went home to be with the Lord, and she had an assignment on the other side.
She told everybody.
As I've talked to Sister Billie today and some of the elders about what I experienced, it's amazing because there was so much confirmed.
There were things that were said that I did not make public that really validate Lucy.
I never knew Lucy; I've seen her on videos before, but she was there, and I've always paid attention to her sister Lynn because she's still here on the earth.
But she was a twin.
It's amazing because of what the Lord said: the greater glory would be birthed, and it would be through travail.
It wasn't just about praying in the spirit and praying in tongues; it's about travail in the spirit.
And when she used the Scripture and she showed it to me when I was in heaven, I saw it all.
And I saw Brother Hagin, Kenneth Hagin, and he was walking around.
Even his mannerism—he's a very quiet man.
He only spoke very little, but it was amazing because he said, "One of the things I did not say is that you're running out of time.
The church is running out of time.
Jesus is coming.
Do you understand that?
" Lucy was so adamant about letting me know that we were out of time.
"You must understand that you're out of time," she said.
"I've carried this as far as I can.
Now you have to do this on the earth.
There must be more prayer on the earth.
" That's not just casual prayer.
We have prayer meetings, but we don't pray.
We have intercessory prayer meetings, and we hardly ever pray.
The Lord said we must come up to a different level in prayer.
For if we are assembling ourselves together for intercessory prayer, we must pray like we do on this channel, he said, because there are pieces of what you carry there that I don't carry.
And when we all come together, we make a whole puzzle.
There are giftings and abilities inside of you that God's gifted you with that he didn't give me.
But that's why you may be the finger and I may be the toe, but all of us make a whole body.
There's not one of us more special than another.
One might be the elbow, one might be the arm, one might be the rib.
Who knows?
All I know is we form a whole body.
Jesus is the head, but we are the body.
Jesus turns the body, and we are his if we allow him to be in control.
But we always like—as I've told you a thousand times—we always stay vertical and we keep humble.
None of us can do any of this without his grace and by his mercy.
I don't care how much you think you have a gift; it's all by his grace that you have it in the first place.
And it's time the church woke up.
And the Lord showed me, even when Brother Hagin—I'm telling you, it was the way he talked was very stern.
But he was walking in love.
But there was such a seriousness in what they both had to say to me.
It wasn't like we just brought you up here to talk to you because we like you.
No, this was like battle cries: "We're telling you what's coming.
You need to wake up.
You must warn the church.
You must tell the church.
" And then Brother Hagin said there were private things that he told me that I will not say on this platform.
It was about me and my ministry.
But there are certain things that even I have got to grow in as he prayed for me.
You know, when you have somebody that you look up to a lot and you've listened to him as a little boy—a young man—all through my teenage years, listening to teaching after teaching, and then have a face-to-face meeting with him in heaven after he's gone and be able to see him talk to me.
And he knew my name.
I went, 'Oh.
' I don't give man any praise, but there are certain people that have helped me along the way and helped me stay.
Whenever Megan was first diagnosed with autism and his teachings helped us—Diana and I both—I'm so thankful that God would allow me to talk to him.
And an impartation happened—that and the fire that hit me—and for prayer and for the things that he told me I was going to do.
I don't know what the Lord meant by a portal to bring messages back and to say things; I don't know what all that means.
I'm still praying over it.
But Brother Hagin said, right before the coming of the Lord, 'For what I have seen, the impartation of what I was never able to reveal was that the revival will take place for two years.
' And whenever he gave it over, it looked like a kumquat, one of those little fruits.
And he had it, and it dropped inside of me.
And he said to me, 'Impart a part of...
' what I thought was interesting about the revival and what he said about the two years and things that he said.
When I talked to Sister Billie on the phone today, we talked for over an hour about all this and went over the things that the Lord had shown me because she judges all the words, and if she feels something is off, she always will correct me.
But as I delivered this, she said, 'I believe that's right.
' She was real sweet about it.
She listened because she knew these people personally.
And she told me a story about another man of God.
I don't know if I have her permission to talk about it, so I won't, but she talked about some other elders and things that have happened similarly.
So that's what I'll say.
But it just gets me excited for where we are, ladies and gentlemen, and how Jesus is coming so soon.
I want you to be ready; I want you to have an anticipation for what's about to happen.
When I saw the emerald color of this new fire, what I was trying to describe was what the Lord was showing me about the 12 tribes of Israel.
Every single one had a stone, and an emerald represented something.
And he said, 'Sapphires Healing Ministry.
' And he went on and he told me what each color represented.
And the red was prophetic; emerald was watchmen.
There were certain things that were attached to intercessory prayer gifts and what they were attached to.
The stones—a color represented something: the twelve tribes, the tribes of Israel.
But he said, 'I have these mantles for the end times with key generals that will walk in the days ahead.
' And Jesus spoke to me: 'That's the fire.
' And it was a ball of fire.
And he spoke to me—and I didn't get into all what he said—but it was the most beautiful, green, beautiful experience.
As he said, 'This door was opening,' and he said, 'I want you.
You're going to start to travel in between, and heaven and earth will collide.
' Now, as of the first of Passover, there'll be an acceleration of things.
He warned me again: it's time for breakthrough; it's time for an acceleration of things.
On Passover, which is Wednesday, you will see a doubling of the birthing pains.
And so we talked about this, and I probably say that the Shemitah cycle goes into 2028 to 2029.
And I was talking about how we both—and even what she—we talked about it so many times about how the Shemitah cycle—the rapture of the church—will start during the Shemitah cycle of that period of 2028-2029.
Not that it could be this seven-year cycle, but it could be the next seven-year cycle.
But it will always be at the end of a seven-year Shemitah cycle.
And so she was talking about how it's up, and when Brother Hagin said, 'Two years,' could it be 2027-2028 for the great outpouring of what he was talking about?
And going over things, I just want you to have an expectation that something major is about to happen in this earth, as we see Israel and the escalation of war.
And the Lord says, 'I am bringing liberation to the people.
' And a major revival is coming, and great pressure is coming on Canada.
And you see them pass the bills like the Lord said they would.
Everything is lining up for a major persecution, for a major beast system coming, for a shaking of finances with the oil—a shaking of finances with these things.
And we could be right on the edge of a major move of God.
Are you ready for it tonight?
Before we go on to the prayer part of this, I have to keep asking you: is your church ready?
Are you ready?
Are you looking for the signs of the times?
Are you looking at them?
Are you seeing them?
Do you have your eyes to the skies?
Is your heart full with oil for him?
Are you looking for him?
Are you yearning for him?
Jesus, I can't do this life without you.
I just want to encourage you tonight to be all in.
It's time to come up higher in our prayer time.
We will not get the job done until it's birthed in the spirit first, and it will come through travail.
It will come through prayer.
So ask the Holy Spirit tonight to give you a greater gift of intercessory prayer to pray for the nations, to stir up the gift that you already have.
But to go deeper with him is what I'm trying to say.
Not just ankle-deep, not just knee-deep, not just waist-deep.
Let's go to the bottom of the pool.
We must come up higher, and you must surrender more to him.
Jesus, I want to help you.
Use me.
Teach me to pray on another level.
I want to be one of your end-time prayer warriors.
The Lord told us you'll bring prayer to the nations, and in doing so, there will be a million-man and woman prayer army eventually with you.
You will pray, and you will change things, and it will bring forth the glorious outpouring as we pray together.
He said, 'Brandon, I've assembled the greatest prayer warriors of this generation on this channel.
They're coming.
I'm commissioning them.
I'm stirring them up to come.
' So tonight I have to ask you: Are you all in?
Are you looking for him?
Is your heart hungry for the King?
How desperate, how thirsty?
How bad is your want-to to go into the deeper rivers?
He's a gentleman.
He'll never force his way on you.
He'll always be the polite one knocking on the door, saying, 'Will you let me in?
Will you let me in?
I'm knocking on the door of your heart.
' It's your job to say, 'Here, my Lord.
Send me.
' Like Esther, I've been called to the kingdom for such a time as this.
As we go into this Holy Week—Passover, Good Friday, Resurrection Sunday—what will the people get when they come to your church?
We must pray over the protection of our pastors, our churches, and our synagogues—wherever you're going, wherever you're at—for the Jews, for every one of them, for a great protection around and about us.
Because the Lord showed me major planned attacks like what happened on Palm Sunday in Nigeria.
All those people are dead now.
I want to ask you tonight: Do you know my friend Jesus?
Do you know him?
And if you're here tonight and you say, 'Brannon, all that sounds so wonderful, but I don't even know Jesus.
' I don't even know where I would go if I die.
I want to lead you in a simple little prayer.
But I want you to be bold before we move on and just tell everybody in the comment section, 'I want to be saved tonight.
I want to accept Jesus Christ.
I want to accept him before it's too late.
' Brother Hagin, they say you're running out of time.
And even if it was two years, even if it's just a year, I don't know.
If we're in that time frame right now, in the next two years, whatever, I truly believe that we truly are running out of time on this dispensation of grace.
But you're here tonight and you feel that tugging on your heart.
You feel that tugging on your heart and you're saying, 'Brandon, I want to be all in.
I want to make sure I'm right with the Lord.
' I want to say a simple prayer for you, and I want you to repeat this prayer after me and believe it and be strong about it.
Believe it that Jesus Christ loves you and he has a plan for your life, and that you are a sinner and you need a Savior.
I'm going to say a simple prayer and I want you to say it, and you repeat it after me.
And when we're done, I want you to be bold about your faith and say, 'Tonight's my night.
I want to be saved.
' Let us know if you got saved.
All right.
Say: 'Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a savior.
As of tonight, I turn my back on my sin.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on any agreements I've made with the devil.
I break those agreements and I will not serve the devil anymore.
As of tonight, I am saved.
I believe that you are the Son of God.
I believe that tonight my sins are washed in your precious blood.
Jesus, I surrender all to you.
I thank you, Lord, that you write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Jesus, I will serve you from this day forward and I give you everything.
I give you my all.
Use me, Lord, for your kingdom.
Let me be a great mouthpiece for you.
I thank you, Lord, that if I was to die today, I'll be with you in Paradise forever.
I thank you, Lord, that I am saved.
Amen and amen.
' I believe if you just said that simple prayer, as simple as it is, if you believe and confess that Jesus Christ is your personal Savior and that he died and he rose again, and he is the Son of God, I believe you are saved.
Now, what do you do?
I would go to a Bible-believing church, one that teaches the Word of God that will get you stirred up from within and teach you the way to go.
Don't go back to the friend you used to hang around with and say, 'Listen, let's go back to the clubs.
' Now you need to be separate unto Him and go to church.
Find a Bible-believing church; a non-denominational church is where we would go.
Go to the church and get plugged in there.
Read your Bible every single day and pray.
Tell the pastor at that church—if it is next week, maybe you go to church for the first time on Easter—say, 'Listen, I want to be water baptized.
' Get water baptized, get plugged into that church, read your Bible, pray, and come over here and pray with us.
If you can't afford a Bible and you just said the Sinner's Prayer and gave your heart to Jesus Christ, and you say, 'I don't have a Bible,' my wife and I will send you a Bible for free, no questions asked.
Just look in the description down below; there is an email down there.
Say, 'I got saved tonight.
I want a Bible.
Can you send me a Bible?
' Put it in the subject line so we can watch out for it, and we will send you the Bible.
We just want to celebrate your decision tonight to give your heart to Jesus Christ, and we want to say welcome to the family.
Get plugged in at your local church and tell your friends that you got saved.
Say, 'Listen, come with me to church on Sunday.
It's Easter Sunday.
Let's go celebrate the resurrection of our Lord.
' Invite them to come to church.
It is the largest, busiest Sunday of all Sundays.
So, I want to tell you all: be encouraged and go to church.
We always watch Charlton Heston's 'The Ten Commandments.
' We will be having prayer with you all on Easter and everything.
Thirty-seven people gave their hearts to Jesus Christ tonight, according to what the numbers show right now.
To all thirty-seven of you: welcome to the family.
I'm excited you came tonight and gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
All thirty-seven of you, welcome to the family.
That's exciting.
And so we will go now.
I don't know, what is this here?
Okay, this is the video, the one the Lord gave us.
We got this word—what word was that?
Yeah, I think this is one of the times.
I don't know, but, baby, what month?
September 23rd, 2025?
Okay, September 23rd, 2025.
This is what the Lord showed us about Canada.
The Lord allowed me to see pressure and persecution for His namesake.
I saw Canada.
I saw the freedom to be able to say what you want to say.
Even in our country, the First Amendment—the right to freedom of speech—is being challenged in the days ahead on social media platforms, but mainly in this vision.
I saw it being challenged in Australia and in Canada, and I saw an olive press.
As the olive press was pressing the olives, I saw it being tightened and tightened.
As the olive press was pressing down upon the olives, it was springing forth beautiful olive oil.
This was a representation, I believe, of a new outpouring and a new press: the pressure on the church.
Out of the pressure of persecution came beautiful fresh olive oil.
I saw great darkness.
I saw a great trial for some, testing your faith, being persecuted for your faith in a way that this generation, a lot of Western society, would not be familiar with compared to what maybe the Far East has experienced: great persecution from China, from the Iron Curtain in North Korea, and the darkness that tries to suppress Christianity all around the world from Iranian Christians who are tortured and murdered without any kind of sympathy at all.
I saw that a lot of people think they're persecuted in a comment section, which I have been in the past—I don't even read them anymore—but through these keyboard warriors, the Lord says that's not true persecution compared to what a lot of people face.
When you're dragged down the street by a motorcycle, driving you down the street at 35 or 40 miles an hour and you're being dragged to death, that's great persecution.
Or losing your head for what you believe; that's persecution.
That's martyrdom.
That's what the Lord was showing me: that the Western culture doesn't understand that kind of persecution.
But as your freedom of speech and other areas are tested in the days ahead, I saw great pressure coming from Canada upon the citizens.
I saw an olive press pressing, and I saw the church going through a metamorphosis of growth spiritually.
As you take for granted the very freedoms that you have on a day-to-day basis, when that freedom is challenged and you are called to stand for something and make a choice versus being a coward and hiding, either you stand for something or you lose it.
Either you get a backbone like a crowbar, or you lose it.
And the Lord showed me persecution coming upon the church in Europe—persecution coming to the churches because of people being lukewarm and not standing for what they believe.
You will not be able to take for granted what you truly believe.
Pastors are great influencers.
It was sad what I was saying, but I saw a Holy Ghost church rise up out of their slumber.
I saw a church rise up and say, 'Enough's enough.
' They stood for what they believed in and they weren't cowards anymore.
It's kind of like Tommy Hicks's vision.
If you go back to Tommy Hicks's vision and read about the glorious church, a giant in the land rises up because the Lord points his hand at him.
The giant rises up and the body comes together and starts moving as one body instead of a bunch of rogue people like Rambos.
The body comes together.
And I told you what the Lord said to me: that you will see in the days ahead the body of Christ move as a body and will no longer be: 'Well, you're Baptist, I'm Methodist, I'm Church of Christ, I'm Catholic.
' No, it was a body joining together with one purpose and one cause, and that's to tell everybody that Jesus Christ is coming and it's time to repent and turn from your wicked ways.
I saw a glorious church rising.
I saw a great revival coming from sea to shining sea all around this world.
We're about to see the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before.
And we're going to see an outpouring of the Spirit of God like we've never seen before, and great manifestations and demonstrations of the glory.
But it will come when the church—I saw a great shaking is what I'm trying to tell you.
I saw a great shaking to awaken, and the church starts to wake, and the giant takes form.
And there's Brush Arbor churches.
I saw the old tent revivals coming back.
I saw, like Mario Cirillo—you know, he does these tent meetings—I saw tent meetings coming back and Holy Ghost meetings.
I'm trying to tell you what I saw coming again.
It was dark, but out of the darkness sprung forth great light because the church was no longer lukewarm.
They realized they were about to be persecuted, even on social media.
They weren't allowed to say certain things or they would be thrown in jail or persecuted with fines.
And so the Canadian House of Commons has voted in favor of a bill that makes it possible to convict citizens for certain Bible verses as hate speech.
And the Lord said it won't rest just there.
They'll come after your 501(c)(3) status for tax-exempt.
He said they're going to take that away.
He said the same thing about America.
He said they're going to try to take it away.
They're going to try to persecute Europe.
But he said what happens in Canada and Europe first, then it will try to come to America eventually.
I said it will be over social media and all this.
Watch what happens in the end.
And that was back in September.
And here we are.
March, the Lord said watch Carney, watch this guy as he's a devil.
So Father, we just thank you for the body.
Thank you, Father, that we're persecuted for your word's sake.
But not only that, we rise up in these last days and we're not afraid of man.
We fear you, not man.
We humble ourselves before you, Father.
And we're so thankful, Father, that you have called us to the kingdom for such a time as this.
And we take this body, God.
And we remember what you did for us.
And as we get ready to go into Resurrection week, this beautiful week of Resurrection Sunday, thank you, Jesus, for dying for us.
Thank you, Jesus, that you didn't just die.
You whipped the devil once and for all, displaying, making a show of him openly, triumphing over him in it, showing him that he is a loser once and for all.
And he is defeated.
And I'm so thankful, Father, that we are seated with you in the heavenlies and we are far above all principalities, just like Ephesians says.
We're so grateful, Father, for Ephesians.
It is beautiful; all of it.
I think the whole thing's amazing.
I love it all.
To read Ephesians over and over again, and to take your authority and to be seated as he is.
So are we in this world.
And, Father, we thank you for your body.
You were wounded for our transgressions, you were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you.
And with your stripes, Lord, we're healed.
And today is the day of the expiration date of what we are believing for.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus, and we give you glory, honor, and praise for it.
Lord, we thank you for the blood.
We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us in the name of Jesus.
It never loses its power.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that we cover ourselves from the top of our heads to the soles of our feet.
In the name of Jesus, the blood covers us.
And I say, I'm yielded to the anointing of the prophetic.
I yield to the anointing of a watcher and Father.
I thank you, Lord.
If there's anything you want to show us tonight, Father, you show us.
If not, we're not here to perform.
We attract to deflect, and we always give you the glory.
And if there's nothing to say tonight, Father, because we've already said it, then, Father, I thank you, Lord, for this time of prayer and fellowship as we go into this week.
And we praise you, Father, in advance for the blood that covers us in Jesus' name, Amen and Amen.
All right.
Whenever I was praying right then, He spoke to me.
He said, 'Pray over the churches, Brandon.
Pray over the churches.
Pray over Easter like I've told you.
' Sorry to cough in the mic.
I see myself on the other side.
I receive it by faith.
Do we call it in?
We call in the revival.
We call in the Holy Ghost waterfall.
We thank you, Lord, that those old wells of revival are stirring up right now.
We call the old wells of revival uncapped.
Uncapped.
The uncapping of the revival.
Amen.
We went to Iran.
This is a very pivotal week concerning Iran.
I am praying all up and down the strait right now; I am praying over the water's edge of the strait.
I see stationed military bases that are all over the Middle East—strategic military bases.
We pray over the Abraham Lincoln.
There are so many pictures flashing before me.
I see Middle Eastern churches; I see mighty worship coming concerning great persecution coming to churches.
But I see a flame of fire.
It is on the altar and it is on the pulpit.
I see a flame of fire.
Acts Chapter 2 church is coming forth in a greater work.
Greater works will you do.
I see it springing forth where great persecution comes; I see a greater level of the glory coming on the church in the Middle East, the underground church in Iran and Iraq.
Had to get built up by day and time.
And now I got a daughter and.
Double trouble for the day.
Protesters; Justice Thursday brought that today.
I am seeing North Korea rise up, mocking us.
You are loosing it.
You are loosening it.
We call you to loose it now.
In Jesus' name, we loosen it and release it.
It is a dragon that is upon North Korea, and it is going to come down.
I see a communist dragon that is on it.
It looks like a red dragon with black teeth, a real crimson red.
Come on, it's a stronghold, but it's coming down.
We call on the angels of the Lord.
Angels of the Lord, bring aid and assistance.
Remove him.
We call judgment on the mountain.
Move out of the way!
Go!
The church will rise!
We call in the revival.
We call for a shaking.
We pray for an opening over North Korea.
We call for an opening, a door, a key.
More to come.
Be strong.
Lose sight of yourself.
Lose sight of what others think around you as you are leading prayer.
Lose sight of yourself, prayer warriors.
You who are in charge of leading prayer, lose sight of yourself and performance, for many of my leaders are there for performance.
Strip yourself of the pride.
Come before me by my side, for I am cleansing my bride.
It is a place of humility.
It is a place of refining.
For much humility, strip yourself of pride.
To know God and to calm the ache as they wait for the greater glory.
For these sufferings bring forth the greater glory.
Romans 8:18.
For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us.
He's talking about it, and it's echoing through me right now.
He said, 'For I reckon that the sufferings,' or what's coming: the persecution on the church.
I see oppression coming in a greater measure, for the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us.
For it's a cultivation for an acceleration.
And that's what many of you are about to say: 'This is an Ichabod,' but it is not an Ichabod.
He is bringing the bride to his side.
And there is so much haughtiness, and there is humility that must be displayed.
We have this treasure in earthen vessels that the excellency of the power is known of him and not of us.
He will not share his glory with anyone.
The moment you start taking the glory, he said, 'Brandon, how many times have I warned you of what I've even said concerning this?
I'll not share the glory with you.
Never.
Don't touch what belongs to me.
You know my trigger.
You want to know my trigger?
' He said, 'Touch not the glory.
I'll share it with no one.
' He said everyone has a trigger.
Everyone has that thing that will set them off and get them upset inside.
Touch not the glory.
Humble yourself before the mighty hand of the Lord.
But I tell you what I see and what I am hearing.
I'm traveling over it and I see it inside.
He said, 'Romans 8:18, for I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us.
' So you think, what's going on in Canada?
It's for the present.
It's not worthy to compare for the glory of what you're about to see.
And the people, the persecution in North Korea for the glory, and the underground church in Iran, and the underground church in China, and the underground church in North Korea.
I'm telling you, for the greater glory.
, so they are correct.
He said, 'I will not share it.
' We have this treasure in earthen vessels that the excellency of the power is known of him and not of us.
It's not about us.
If you want to be used on a greater level, if you want to speak to greater crowds, you want to do this always.
Give Him His glory.
You didn't heal no one.
Jesus is the healer.
He could use any one of us.
The moment you start saying, 'I healed somebody,' and 'Look at me,' you need to realize you're in the wrong lane.
Jesus is the healer.
We have a treasure in earthen vessels that the excellency of the power is known of Him and not of us.
And the Lord said, 'Don't touch the glory.
Don't take it.
' Just like, 'Silver and gold have I none; such as I have give I thee.
In the name of Jesus Christ, rise up and walk.
' For our light afflictions, which are but for a moment, work for us a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory.
Second Corinthians 4:17.
I like that one better.
'For our light afflictions, which are but for a moment, worketh for us a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory.
' It's the refiner's fire.
It's the rite of passage.
Do you understand?
He said, 'Brandon, share in My glory.
' He said, 'I will not.
' It's about stripping yourself down and making yourself that vessel.
I've been through the fire.
He said, 'Brandon, I don't allow anybody to go to the greater glory and touch that part of it until they've been refined.
' Turn it back to that one, honey.
First Corinthians, I want to read that again: 'For our light affliction...
' It's the refining; it's the hot, 'Oh, I don't know if I'm going to make it' life's challenges.
'For our light affliction, which is but for a moment, worketh for us a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory.
' It's for our benefit—persecution.
And I'm talking about the greater glory, travail, bringing it forth through prayer.
But through travail for the weight of glory.
It's by the refining fire, He said.
'It's the rite of passage.
' Everyone, if you get anywhere in ministry, it's what He told me even yesterday when I had this visitation.
There's certain things I'm just not going to talk about.
But He said, 'I'll say this: for our light affliction, which is but for a moment, worketh for us a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory.
' He will not share His glory with anyone.
And if you want to be used in these last days, you strip yourself of pride and always keep yourself small in your own eyes.
Never forget being a janitor.
That's what he said to me.
Never forget it: if you want to be used, if you want to remain, you can be used and have one moment of it.
But it's more than just something you say; it's something that your heart displays before him.
What does your heart say before him?
I can say you can operate a lot of things.
Well, it sounds really good.
What Kathryn Kuhlman said: you can parrot a lot of things.
But what does your heart say before him?
When you're stripped away and standing there vulnerable before almighty holy fire God, and he says, 'I'm watching you.
I see your future.
I see your past.
I see your present.
I see everything, and I see you bare nothing right there in front of me.
Who are you truly?
' You can parrot a lot of things until pressure hits you, until persecution comes, until people are mean to you.
But listen: 'For this light affliction,' he said, 'which is but for a moment, worketh for us a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory.
' Do you understand what he's saying?
I have a treasure in an earthen vessel.
This is a stripping of me.
It's a refining.
Purify my heart, Lord.
Create in me a clean heart.
I want to walk with the King.
I want to be like that horse on the battlefield: whenever I hear the sounds of war around me, I'm broken before him and I do not bend to what I'm seeing around me.
A horse that is broken, a war horse.
A closer—what is a closer in baseball?
One that is built for pressure.
Closing pitchers are built for pressure: the pressure of the game, the pressure of the bases being loaded.
Bottom of the ninth, full count—are you going to bend to the pressure of a World Series championship game?
You are built for pressure.
You are being called to the kingdom for such a time as this.
And you're a warrior.
It's time for you to see yourself as how God sees you.
You weren't born in the 1800s.
You weren't born in the early 1900s.
You were born for now because he saw that you had what it takes to get through these end times.
There's so much around us.
I'm telling you, the disciples probably could have made it at this time; they were born for that time.
We were born for now.
And he's calling you right now, saying, 'Do you serve me?
Will you have what it takes?
' You're wall to wall Holy Ghost.
I feel the anointing of the Lord so strongly.
For our light affliction, which is but for a moment, worketh for us a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory.
We thank you, Lord.
You're removing Kim Jong-un.
You remove him even as he sleeps; remove him.
Remove him out of the persecution of the church in North Korea.
Remove his sister.
Remove the tyrants in the land.
Remove the Castros out of Cuba.
Remove them.
Oh, Jesus, we pray over President Trump tonight, Father.
We pray that he has a backbone like a crowbar, that he will not sway to popular opinion.
But Father, he is controlled by the Holy Spirit, for he has a mission and an accomplished mission, what he's called to do.
We pray over his mind, that the fog is off of his mind and the blinders are off of his eyes, that he takes no counsel from the ungodly.
We pray a hedge around and about him in the name of Jesus over the demonic spirits that are sent to keep and distract him and derail his presidency.
We call in the name of Jesus godly men and women to surround him in the name of Jesus from the north, south, east, and west.
We call forth revival in the White House; we call revival in the Senate; we call revival in the House.
We call revival in our land in the name of Jesus once again.
Father, if you did it with John Wesley, you'll do it again.
We call for a revival like you did again, like John Wesley, but on a greater scale.
We call in that revival like John Wesley had.
We call it in; we call it a revival.
We call it in right now.
We call in prayer warriors all around President Trump.
We thank you, Lord, that he takes no counsel from the ungodly.
We call his mind clear and alert.
We pray for protection over his children right now in the name of Jesus.
We call his children filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
We thank you, Lord, that Ivanka is protected, along with Tiffany, Barron, Eric, and Don Jr.
Protected in the name of Jesus, let every plot and every plan be uncovered in the name of Jesus, and may they not have any kind of calamity come nigh them.
A thousand shall fall at their side, and ten thousand at their right hand, but it will not come nigh them.
We pray over his children and over his grandchildren.
We call them protected in the name of Jesus.
We pray over his marriage for a fresh kindling.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that his marriage is getting better and better.
We thank you, Lord, for Vice President JD Vance.
Father, I thank you that he is radically born again and there is no stronghold Harvard mentality in him, not even a root of it.
We thank you, Lord, that his new baby on the way is blessed.
We call his wife blessed and pray that her pregnancy is easy.
We pray over this pregnancy with this new baby coming this summer.
We pray over her in the name of Jesus for a great delivery.
Father, we pray that she will not cast its fruit before the time and that the baby will be raised up in a God-fearing home.
Thank you, Father.
We will not have a civil war in this nation.
We call for peace in this nation, that it will not be red against blue with a civil war.
We call in peace to this dividing of parties and dividing of political opinion.
Thank you, Lord, that America will have a revival.
From sea to shining sea, from the Gulf all the way up to Canada, we call for a revival.
We call for a shaking in their government with Mark Carney.
The revival flowing all throughout Mexico with Claudia.
Shaking Cuba, Venezuela, Colombia, Brazil, and Andorra.
We call for a revival in South Korea and Taiwan.
We cover a hedge around and about them.
This is very serious stuff.
The, Eddie Murphy.
It all remained radar.
this is the week of great decisions.
This is this week.
From Passover to Resurrection Sunday..
We pray over Taiwan.
In every plot, every plan to take Taiwan with China—to take the land, to take the chips—we call it down.
We call that communistic spirit down.
We say: you will not have Taiwan.
You will not have South Korea.
You'll not have Japan.
You'll not have the Philippines, you'll not have Vietnam.
You'll not have any other.
We call for liberation, that there'll be a major revival over it, a major revival over all my Asian brothers and sisters.
And we will not bow our knee to every wind of doctrine, every doctrine of demons.
I'm not moved by what I see; I'm not moved by what I feel.
I am moved by what the word of God says.
And He has long patience; He has long patience for the fruit.
He has long patience for the former and the latter rain.
Oh Father, I thank You, Lord, for the long patience.
If My people who are called by My name, if My people will humble themselves and pray.
It's about humbling yourself.
Humble yourself and pray.
Then you will hear from heaven.
And He says He will heal our land.
He would do the healing, but we got to humble ourselves.
We're going to humble ourselves before the Lord.
Father, we thank You, Lord.
We're humble.
I see a great storm.
I see this great storm, but I see a yellow umbrella.
Get underneath the umbrella.
It's yellow like a banana.
And I see it's beginning to rain.
And I see the storm on our shore, all on the East Coast.
But I see a yellow umbrella and a yellow coat; it looks like a yellow raincoat.
I see a storm.
I see rapids, like when you go down Colorado and you see those boats and they say, "Brace!
Hold on!
" You must paddle.
I see these rapids and I see these people with helmets on.
And they got the life vests on.
And they're going down these rapids and they say, "Hold on!
" And they're paddling with all they've got to go down this.
Over the next six months, honing in, I see six months.
Over the six months, it will still grow.
Going down, going on.
Birthing pains, and then the next birthing pains.
Do you know what it is like to clean the chimney and have the soot all over your face?
The soot?
There is a doubling, and then a doubling in six months.
I see these frogs coming up out of the water.
I see frogs coming up out of the Atlantic; they look like toads.
One frog steps upon the land around the North Carolina and South Carolina area.
I see a frog stepping up on the land.
That's just a toad.
No, that's Washington, D.
C.
I am sorry, it is Washington, D.
There is a frog.
I smell smoke.
I smell fire.
Is something on fire?
The land is on fire.
I see great fires and drought.
Speak to the rain to come.
They alone see the rain.
I see and smell the fires.
They will stir the dough, and honey water makes my mouth dry.
I feel the dryness.
It is so dry over the bay.
Oh, terrible.
Thickest of woe.
Let it water Oklahoma.
I see hundred-plus temperatures and it getting hotter.
We call in the rain.
We call in five inches over Oklahoma.
Break the drought in the name of Jesus.
Break the drought over this land and in Florida.
It's dry..
I see Watergate all around the frogs.
I see Watergate and Nixon's face.
I see a frog in Washington.
I see a frog on the land.
I see Nixon's face, a type and shadow of Nixon's face.
It's a toad, not a frog.
It has warts all over.
I see a toad come up out of the water in Washington, and it's bouncing around.
This toad is bouncing around, and I see Nixon's face.
Jesus, have mercy.
It was a shame.
Hello.
How are they?
All ready?
Hurry!
I see lights on the frog.
That looks like a flashlight on the frog.
I see lights on the nose of the frog.
A bubble, a bottle, a bubble.
They grab a crumb and return.
This frog is jumping around, but the lights are shining like a headlight.
It's shining like this, but the frog is jumping around, looking around at the star in the meadow.
It doesn't matter.
It's connected in Kentucky.
What is in Kentucky?
I see Kentucky.
It's in Kentucky.
If the frog is connected to the Kentucky?
Kentucky.
God dang culprit.
Make a star run.
I believe it's good, the.
It's Kentucky up here.
There's something going on there.
And the frog is related to the Kentucky bug, but I see corruption.
I see Minnesota.
I see Pennsylvania.
I could see Boston in.
Los Angeles.
The, a, the, the.
They bake.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord.
I see ranchers having to sell their cows because there's no feed.
It's too expensive because the drought is burning.
I see Nebraska, South Dakota, North Dakota, red in Kansas, the Oklahoma Panhandle, and the Amarillo area.
I see ranchers selling their cows because there's no grass.
I can see them selling cows.
The price of cows will be very expensive.
They'll be dumping them to make it go cheap.
Do you see what I'm saying?
I see organic beef; it costs a lot to maintain.
The cow costs too much to feed.
When I see brown cows, black cows, and spotted cows, I see there is too much to feed.
If you have a thousand cows, they're going broke.
The grass is dead and I can see the drought getting worse.
Speak to the rain, speak to the spring rains, speak to it.
We call in the rain right now in the name of Jesus.
We call in the rain from the north and the southeast.
We call low-pressure systems to bring in the rain.
This is a concern in Australia, too.
They're going to say it in the news: 'It's too expensive to have cows.
' We call in for the ranchers.
We call in the rain in Jesus' name.
Not just a little bit, but a toad-strangler rain.
We call for five, six, or seven inches.
Over the next two months, we call in a bumper crop of rain.
We don't call for destructive floods, but Father, I thank you, Lord, for every single week to have at least three inches of rain, bumping the totals up in North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska, Kansas, Iowa, Missouri, Texas, Colorado, Montana, and Ohio.
We are calling in the rain all over these areas.
Mexico, we are calling in the rain.
We call in the rain in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord.
We break the drought.
We break the drought in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord.
Rain, come out of the Pacific.
We call low-pressure systems.
Rain come—not destructive long-track tornadoes.
We call in rain and for low-pressure system rain to come, Father.
I thank you, Lord, that it's not just a natural rain, but a spiritual rain, a supernatural rain.
We're calling it in right now in Jesus' name; we call it in.
You agree with me?
Thank you, Lord.
We have authority over the rain, and the ranchers need some rain, a Lord's rain.
Come now in the name of Jesus.
Fill up our streams.
Fill up our lakes and our ponds where they feed these cows and give them drink.
Thank you, Lord.
Now, everybody, with thanksgiving and praise.
We thank Him, Father, that you're uncovering the darkness and the frauds.
You're uncovering the drought.
You're going to make it rain, Father.
Rain, come.
We give you all the glory.
There's a revival stirring up in the church in Australia, over America, and over our areas; we call forth strength.
Our homes are covered so that the oil will not go above where it is right now.
Father, we call it going down.
A red wave of your glory.
And Father, we thank you, Lord, for Passover.
We thank you, Lord, right now; we pray over Passover.
We'll continue to pray tomorrow and the next day.
We pray over Passover.
We pray in the name of Jesus, Father, for Palm Sunday.
And we pray over Good Friday.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for Good Friday.
We pray over our Resurrection Sunday, and we thank you, Lord, for revival.
Bring it back to our churches in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord, we give you praise.
Father, we thank you for all that you've done and all that you're going to do and continue to do.
We give you glory, honor, and praise, Lord.
Call in the rain.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Father, for bringing us a drink.
Father, we call in five inches over Oklahoma, five inches over this area in Missouri.
We call in rain.
We call in the rain.
We call in a drought-breaking rain.
Rain, come; rain, come.
Low pressure stalls out over our area and just keeps sending rain.
In the name of Jesus, we're calling in the rain over Oklahoma.
We're calling in the rain over Missouri.
We're calling in the rain over Texas.
We're calling in the rain in the name of Jesus over Kansas.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you, Lord.
We call in five inches of rain in the name of Jesus.
We've been doing this for about two weeks now.
We keep calling it in; the Lord said, "Call it in.
" I saw the drought again tonight.
Let's break it.
Call it in over your area, all over Tulsa.
Tulsa is going to have rain, and Oklahoma City.
Father, we thank you.
Lord, you're bringing in the rain.
We're calling it in in Jesus' name.
We have power and authority over the rain.
This week we will have a major rain.
We call it in this week.
Rain, come now, in Jesus' name.
When I started calling it in two weeks ago—you see, it takes a little bit to turn the jet streams and to do the thing we're calling in.
You understand?
We're not moved by what we see.
We're not moved by what we feel; we're moved by what the Word of God says.
And even the weatherman says, "Oh, we see a change in the weather pattern.
There's rain coming.
" I don't care; I'm not moved by what you're saying until I see it.
I want to see the fruit of what I've been praying.
Now, you get out of the way, Devil!
In Jesus' name, we call for rain.
Do you believe that?
Do you believe it?
And it's former rain and the latter rain.
Glorious church is rising.
Hallelujah!
Well, I've kept you long enough tonight—two hours and 25 minutes as of right now.
And I'm so thankful for every single one of you that wanted to pray with me tonight.
We have much work to do, and we will continue to pray as this week goes.
I'm so thankful that you're a part of my prayer team.
If you could please like, subscribe, and click the notification bell so you know when we're coming on live.
I know there's some of you that say, "Brenda, I've been unsubscribed.
I don't get notifications.
" Just do it again.
I believe that sometimes you just subscribe again or click the notification bell and you come with me and pray.
I believe that many hands make light work.
The more the merrier.
Isn't that wonderful that Jesus would call so many to pray with us, and that we would continue to pray throughout the world for what the Lord has called us to pray for?
I hope this blessed you tonight.
I hope you got something out of it, and you're stirred up and you pray over your week, Father.
I thank you, Lord, for every single one of them that are here right now.
We pray over their week as they start their Monday through Friday, and they have a wonderful work week.
We call jobs and better jobs, raises and bonuses, benefits, sales and commission, growth in business, estates and inheritances, interest and income, rebates and returns, checks in the mail, gifts and surprises, finding money, bills paid off, bills decreased, blessing and increase.
I thank you, Lord, that you are the God of more than enough, able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that they dare ask or think.
I thank you, Father, that they're blessed in the city, they're blessed in the field, they're blessed coming in, and they're blessed going out, and they don't have room enough to receive all the blessing that you're going to give them this week.
I thank you, Father, that they're the salt and they become saltier in the days ahead, and they will not become lukewarm, but they'll be on fire for Jesus.
I bless their marriages.
I bless their children.
I bless their households, houses, and cars.
I bless their labor, and I thank you, Father, that if they've been believing for children, they'll receive children, they'll conceive children.
And I call for blessing and increase on their homes in the name of Jesus as they start their work week Monday through Friday, going into this beautiful Passover week.
Thank you, Lord, for this is a good week, and we give you all the glory, honor, and praise in the mighty name of Jesus.
Everyone say, 'Amen and Amen.
' Well, thank you for praying with me tonight.
We love you all and we'll see you again tomorrow.
God bless you all.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again.
Bye-bye.